docs/terraform.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.12.26 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 3.0 |
| <a name="requirement_local"></a> [local](#requirement\_local) | >= 1.2 |
| <a name="requirement_null"></a> [null](#requirement\_null) | >= 2.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 3.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_this"></a> [this](#module\_this) | cloudposse/label/null | 0.22.1 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_acm_certificate.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/acm_certificate) | resource |
| [aws_acm_certificate_validation.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/acm_certificate_validation) | resource |
| [aws_route53_record.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route53_record) | resource |
| [aws_route53_zone.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/route53_zone) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_additional_tag_map"></a> [additional\_tag\_map](#input\_additional\_tag\_map) | Additional tags for appending to tags\_as\_list\_of\_maps. Not added to `tags`. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_attributes"></a> [attributes](#input\_attributes) | Additional attributes (e.g. `1`) | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_certificate_transparency_logging_preference"></a> [certificate\_transparency\_logging\_preference](#input\_certificate\_transparency\_logging\_preference) | Specifies whether certificate details should be added to a certificate transparency log | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_context"></a> [context](#input\_context) | Single object for setting entire context at once.<br>See description of individual variables for details.<br>Leave string and numeric variables as `null` to use default value.<br>Individual variable settings (non-null) override settings in context object,<br>except for attributes, tags, and additional\_tag\_map, which are merged. | <pre>object({<br>    enabled             = bool<br>    namespace           = string<br>    environment         = string<br>    stage               = string<br>    name                = string<br>    delimiter           = string<br>    attributes          = list(string)<br>    tags                = map(string)<br>    additional_tag_map  = map(string)<br>    regex_replace_chars = string<br>    label_order         = list(string)<br>    id_length_limit     = number<br>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "additional_tag_map": {},<br>  "attributes": [],<br>  "delimiter": null,<br>  "enabled": true,<br>  "environment": null,<br>  "id_length_limit": null,<br>  "label_order": [],<br>  "name": null,<br>  "namespace": null,<br>  "regex_replace_chars": null,<br>  "stage": null,<br>  "tags": {}<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_delimiter"></a> [delimiter](#input\_delimiter) | Delimiter to be used between `namespace`, `environment`, `stage`, `name` and `attributes`.<br>Defaults to `-` (hyphen). Set to `""` to use no delimiter at all. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_domain_name"></a> [domain\_name](#input\_domain\_name) | A domain name for which the certificate should be issued | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_enabled"></a> [enabled](#input\_enabled) | Set to false to prevent the module from creating any resources | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | Environment, e.g. 'uw2', 'us-west-2', OR 'prod', 'staging', 'dev', 'UAT' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_id_length_limit"></a> [id\_length\_limit](#input\_id\_length\_limit) | Limit `id` to this many characters.<br>Set to `0` for unlimited length.<br>Set to `null` for default, which is `0`.<br>Does not affect `id_full`. | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_order"></a> [label\_order](#input\_label\_order) | The naming order of the id output and Name tag.<br>Defaults to ["namespace", "environment", "stage", "name", "attributes"].<br>You can omit any of the 5 elements, but at least one must be present. | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Solution name, e.g. 'app' or 'jenkins' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_namespace"></a> [namespace](#input\_namespace) | Namespace, which could be your organization name or abbreviation, e.g. 'eg' or 'cp' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_process_domain_validation_options"></a> [process\_domain\_validation\_options](#input\_process\_domain\_validation\_options) | Flag to enable/disable processing of the record to add to the DNS zone to complete certificate validation | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_regex_replace_chars"></a> [regex\_replace\_chars](#input\_regex\_replace\_chars) | Regex to replace chars with empty string in `namespace`, `environment`, `stage` and `name`.<br>If not set, `"/[^a-zA-Z0-9-]/"` is used to remove all characters other than hyphens, letters and digits. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_stage"></a> [stage](#input\_stage) | Stage, e.g. 'prod', 'staging', 'dev', OR 'source', 'build', 'test', 'deploy', 'release' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subject_alternative_names"></a> [subject\_alternative\_names](#input\_subject\_alternative\_names) | A list of domains that should be SANs in the issued certificate | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Additional tags (e.g. `map('BusinessUnit','XYZ')` | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_ttl"></a> [ttl](#input\_ttl) | The TTL of the record to add to the DNS zone to complete certificate validation | `string` | `"300"` | no |
| <a name="input_validation_method"></a> [validation\_method](#input\_validation\_method) | Method to use for validation, DNS or EMAIL | `string` | `"DNS"` | no |
| <a name="input_wait_for_certificate_issued"></a> [wait\_for\_certificate\_issued](#input\_wait\_for\_certificate\_issued) | Whether to wait for the certificate to be issued by ACM (the certificate status changed from `Pending Validation` to `Issued`) | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_zone_name"></a> [zone\_name](#input\_zone\_name) | The name of the desired Route53 Hosted Zone | `string` | `""` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_arn"></a> [arn](#output\_arn) | The ARN of the certificate |
| <a name="output_domain_validation_options"></a> [domain\_validation\_options](#output\_domain\_validation\_options) | CNAME records that are added to the DNS zone to complete certificate validation |
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | The ID of the certificate |
<!-- markdownlint-restore -->

Commit message:

Add zone id (#49)
* zone id

* Pass in zone id directly

* Update test to use zone id

* Update variables.tf

* Auto Format

* Update main.tf

Co-authored-by: cloudpossebot <11232728+cloudpossebot@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/terraform.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.12.26 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | >= 3.0 |
| <a name="requirement_local"></a> [local](#requirement\_local) | >= 1.2 |
| <a name="requirement_null"></a> [null](#requirement\_null) | >= 2.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | >= 3.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_this"></a> [this](#module\_this) | cloudposse/label/null | 0.22.1 |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_acm_certificate.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/acm_certificate) | resource |
| [aws_acm_certificate_validation.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/acm_certificate_validation) | resource |
| [aws_route53_record.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route53_record) | resource |
| [aws_route53_zone.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/route53_zone) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_additional_tag_map"></a> [additional\_tag\_map](#input\_additional\_tag\_map) | Additional tags for appending to tags\_as\_list\_of\_maps. Not added to `tags`. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_attributes"></a> [attributes](#input\_attributes) | Additional attributes (e.g. `1`) | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_certificate_transparency_logging_preference"></a> [certificate\_transparency\_logging\_preference](#input\_certificate\_transparency\_logging\_preference) | Specifies whether certificate details should be added to a certificate transparency log | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_context"></a> [context](#input\_context) | Single object for setting entire context at once.<br>See description of individual variables for details.<br>Leave string and numeric variables as `null` to use default value.<br>Individual variable settings (non-null) override settings in context object,<br>except for attributes, tags, and additional\_tag\_map, which are merged. | <pre>object({<br>    enabled             = bool<br>    namespace           = string<br>    environment         = string<br>    stage               = string<br>    name                = string<br>    delimiter           = string<br>    attributes          = list(string)<br>    tags                = map(string)<br>    additional_tag_map  = map(string)<br>    regex_replace_chars = string<br>    label_order         = list(string)<br>    id_length_limit     = number<br>  })</pre> | <pre>{<br>  "additional_tag_map": {},<br>  "attributes": [],<br>  "delimiter": null,<br>  "enabled": true,<br>  "environment": null,<br>  "id_length_limit": null,<br>  "label_order": [],<br>  "name": null,<br>  "namespace": null,<br>  "regex_replace_chars": null,<br>  "stage": null,<br>  "tags": {}<br>}</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_delimiter"></a> [delimiter](#input\_delimiter) | Delimiter to be used between `namespace`, `environment`, `stage`, `name` and `attributes`.<br>Defaults to `-` (hyphen). Set to `""` to use no delimiter at all. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_domain_name"></a> [domain\_name](#input\_domain\_name) | A domain name for which the certificate should be issued | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_enabled"></a> [enabled](#input\_enabled) | Set to false to prevent the module from creating any resources | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | Environment, e.g. 'uw2', 'us-west-2', OR 'prod', 'staging', 'dev', 'UAT' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_id_length_limit"></a> [id\_length\_limit](#input\_id\_length\_limit) | Limit `id` to this many characters.<br>Set to `0` for unlimited length.<br>Set to `null` for default, which is `0`.<br>Does not affect `id_full`. | `number` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_order"></a> [label\_order](#input\_label\_order) | The naming order of the id output and Name tag.<br>Defaults to ["namespace", "environment", "stage", "name", "attributes"].<br>You can omit any of the 5 elements, but at least one must be present. | `list(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Solution name, e.g. 'app' or 'jenkins' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_namespace"></a> [namespace](#input\_namespace) | Namespace, which could be your organization name or abbreviation, e.g. 'eg' or 'cp' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_process_domain_validation_options"></a> [process\_domain\_validation\_options](#input\_process\_domain\_validation\_options) | Flag to enable/disable processing of the record to add to the DNS zone to complete certificate validation | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_regex_replace_chars"></a> [regex\_replace\_chars](#input\_regex\_replace\_chars) | Regex to replace chars with empty string in `namespace`, `environment`, `stage` and `name`.<br>If not set, `"/[^a-zA-Z0-9-]/"` is used to remove all characters other than hyphens, letters and digits. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_stage"></a> [stage](#input\_stage) | Stage, e.g. 'prod', 'staging', 'dev', OR 'source', 'build', 'test', 'deploy', 'release' | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_subject_alternative_names"></a> [subject\_alternative\_names](#input\_subject\_alternative\_names) | A list of domains that should be SANs in the issued certificate | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Additional tags (e.g. `map('BusinessUnit','XYZ')` | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_ttl"></a> [ttl](#input\_ttl) | The TTL of the record to add to the DNS zone to complete certificate validation | `string` | `"300"` | no |
| <a name="input_validation_method"></a> [validation\_method](#input\_validation\_method) | Method to use for validation, DNS or EMAIL | `string` | `"DNS"` | no |
| <a name="input_wait_for_certificate_issued"></a> [wait\_for\_certificate\_issued](#input\_wait\_for\_certificate\_issued) | Whether to wait for the certificate to be issued by ACM (the certificate status changed from `Pending Validation` to `Issued`) | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_zone_id"></a> [zone\_id](#input\_zone\_id) | The zone id of the Route53 Hosted Zone which can be used instead of `var.zone_name`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_zone_name"></a> [zone\_name](#input\_zone\_name) | The name of the desired Route53 Hosted Zone | `string` | `""` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_arn"></a> [arn](#output\_arn) | The ARN of the certificate |
| <a name="output_domain_validation_options"></a> [domain\_validation\_options](#output\_domain\_validation\_options) | CNAME records that are added to the DNS zone to complete certificate validation |
| <a name="output_id"></a> [id](#output\_id) | The ID of the certificate |
<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
